If I become like this, it's not because of you.
If it weren't for the proposal scene in your brain,
I won’t become what everyone calls a brainy person.
After all these years, it makes no sense for any company to use me.
Family members also lost contact.
You know it's almost too hot to kill the streets,
What does it feel like? You can save yourself by eating delicious food.
When I was young, I could theoretically look at my appearance, but my lighting skills were a little inferior to yours.
Why why?
Why does Miss God fall in love with you?
Why can you purchase food and education from Pipi?
Get to know typhoons.
Why do you have to be the venue?
Because we are always prepared when we have the opportunity.
If I didn't work so hard
How could there be an opportunity today?
you get now
Of course I can talk about these styles.
And you know my family's block
How much did you sacrifice?
Your inhuman torture and test
Now I want to think about the space for Duojue
But when I fight Nian Nianxi
I think it's all worth stopping
Things that make you melt
You're crazy for looking for fans